[Music]
very good my dearest lovers of the
heart how are you well I hope you
're enjoying the day what I'm going
to comment on is a hook that the
clever Jorge Javier had who knows everything and
well he gave him a little review the other day
on Twitter this is the truth is that it's
been a couple of days but I would
like to tell you about it and leave you a video
here because I know that many of
you put us on Twitter those of you who
have Twitter Instagram and so on, well you
know that you can contact me and you
can follow me through Twitter and it
will be I'm on Tito too but
well you subscribe here to this
channel and with that I entered there everything goes it
's completely free always of
course not so that you are entertained
listen to me out so fired Jorge Javier
with this saca that he went to the treasury and to
social security to ask for some
certificates, I mean someone comes to me
on Twitter pestering me and I eat this
saca and on top of that you're there who moves and I
leave my house with  the heat to
ask for some papers no anyway this
has its reason and now I'm applying it
but let's start from the beginning you
know that they are Javier the critic with
the PP always and with Box well to Box
directly I would say that he defames it and
lies about them okay because he says
things that are not about the party but
he is very socialist and power half okay
he likes Idn Montero he
likes him he never criticizes Pedro
Sánchez for the quality with the pandemic
for the ruin to which the country is leading it
is not no criticism of Pedro Sánchez
Pacheco with this party of
the ETA not with Bildu he no he criticizes
nonsense not for Isabel Díaz Ayuso earned
more than 100 thousand euros a year would you give me
a scholarship for Zumba I am
very bored and I am having a very bad time what
is good this is for an issue of a
scholarship that Isabel Díaz Ayuso wants to
offer to the community of Madrid but
the PP of the community of Madrid answers her
ironically and it gives to a CSKA and also
a ratio for you so that you
know what a ratio is it is when
someone starts a conversation okay
look in this case the tweet has 22 thousand light
and the PP tweet has 31,000 values ​​the
response has more support than the response has
more support than the
original tweet no then I'm seeing that by a
little bit Jorge's last response
surpasses the PP's because he has shown
papers but anyway let's take it step by step no
hello Jorge an emo but with a little hand he
says or is God we would have to look at the
bases in case one of the
essential requirements is to be up to date with
payments to the treasury
another box
traca traca traca traca traca traca
traca and
Jorge well he has had his problems with the
treasury I'm not going to tell you more or
less what has happened with
geology being that yes now you come
here he says in the next tweet you call me an
ETA member and you've had a bad day well no
in the next twitter we call ETA member no
if you want  Calling him a Francoist, what
you're doing, not waking up Franco, this
is cheap demagoguery. No, you, yes, you
're up to date now with the
Treasury and with Social Security, but
after having had the problems and
being forced to do so, don't be,
look right here, the free thinker
is putting you the National Court
ratifies Jorge Javier
Vázquez's fraud and the Treasury will have to pay the
National Court - blow to Jorge Javier
Vázquez and confirms the sanction imposed
by the Treasury, well, this, if I'm not mistaken,
was because Jorge, don't pay too much attention to me
because I don't remember 100%
literally how it was, but it was typical,
this, he was invoicing through
companies and the Treasury tells you that you don't
want self-employed, okay, then they
fine him, I think the fine was close to a
million euros
and he tried not to pay it by appealing, he
went to court, I don't know what, and in the end, well, he
lost, so you're up to date, yes, of
course, you're up to date after being so
fined and having had to pay, well,
probably with a surcharge, right? Not like that, too,
everyone here, okay  so too will I be affected by
this thing about on the next tour and
you call me an ETA member, it seems like
very cheap demagoguery to me and besides,
this demagoguery disgusts me. I'm going to explain
why it's worth it
when talking about ETA it's because it has
been a coup and a betrayal for all
Spaniards, whether they are left or
right, not that your president of the
government makes a pact with Bildu after being
captured for years and years and years, of course I'm
not going to make a pact, well it wasn't going to
happen with Podemos either, but well, for me Podemos in the
end are a bunch of
scumbags, no, they are also
dangerous, they are also there to pay, I'll leave them
aside, but well, they are nothing now it's
the
0.0 man who made a pact with Bildu to be
able to form a government, the truth is that it is
a betrayal, you don't have to be
right-wing anymore for it to be a betrayal and for me to
criticize it, that's it, I
refer to one, you only have to
see the results that have been seen in
Andalusia and in the general election the same thing is going to happen to them, there
are many people who vote for the
PSOE because their parents vote  to the PSOE and
in his house they have always voted for the PSOE
and it has always been said on the street, it's not that
if you are humble you have to vote for the
PSOE and if you are rich you have to vote for the PP and that is
nonsense as it is temple okay and the
PSOE voters themselves saw
an incredible betrayal no and a stab in the back
apart from all the mistakes there are not all
the ruins that the PSOE brings to the country well
an incredible mistake no and a
betrayal that you patch up with the
political party ETA okay and I find it
regrettable and repulsive that by defending
a political ideology you take away weight not
as if it were a meme no to call me a
tarra and to be well no no it's not
funny no in the first place point
number one you have burned or rather it has
bothered you a lot to have to go
surely now he sent someone he
must have paid some representative or something
to do it no this has its reason
the reason behind this is not only he is
burned and the twitter pique the
reason for this is that he knows
perfectly well
that once you make this
spectacle on twitter  No, and you, Jorge
Javier,
go to the store on Google and in the news. Well, now you're going to get the safja on Twitter. Okay, Jorge Javier shows that he is up to date with payments for Javiera, the report was published based on his debts. Jorge Javier
exposes the PP. Okay, with these tweets,
Jorge Javier knew what he knew and it's a
completely legal strategy. Okay,
but it is a strategy. What
the strategy has done is that now he has overshadowed
the news where it was said that he was
condemned, that he had been fined,
that he owed money to the treasury. Okay, now I
connect with this twitter ball, well, it
has filled the media with
new news that bury the
old ones. I don't know if you understood me.
You drive on Google about Javier, the
treasury, well, before you would get all the
news that he had been fined, that he had
lost the trial, that he was
convicted of I don't know what, that it was
ratified and now with this fight on
Twitter and with this sack and with this exchange
of tweets, well, what that
news has hidden, okay, and what it
has.  What people know is that if
the day is up, of course the
reports are here, it's not up to date, but of course it is up to
date because not what another one is
going to be, what will it be like not to pay the next one,
saying that you no longer have another one is up to
date but with a very hard face that it has to be
said, okay, son, who has a
huge salary and a piece of the chalet
that I already told you they have done to me and I
could even agree with
Jorge on the issue of the treasury because I
am self-employed, okay, and I would have liked to have
done the same thing that Jorge did,
invoice as a company, that they take
less from me, I don't know that they take half
of what I generate, okay, half
literally, I have done the calculations many
times it is half and it hurts me but
living here in Spain there is no other option, what you have to
do is vote for parties
that don't steal from you, okay, vote for parties
that try to improve or at least that do
n't waste it because then it doesn't
hurt me only that they take half from me
but to see what they spend it on, no,
but what I already told you, I mean, I could
agree on this but no  act
dignified, don't act dignified because you're up to
date, but why so, so obligated,
family, anyway, if you are,
your opinion may be different
from mine, I know that here in my community
and everything there is red, blue, green, purple
and I love you all very much because in the
end I give my opinion, okay, but you
know that you can also give
yours, okay, whatever you want here in
freedom of expression and you can have a
different opinion from mine, even if we are
live, you can call, come in,
always debate with respect, whatever you want is okay,
a hug, family, until the next
video
[Music]